sc_analysis_dump, sc_tracediff, sc_ttlexp, sc_warts2csv, sc_warts2json, sc_warts2text, sc_wartscat, sc_wartsdump, sc_wartsfilter, sc_wartsfix, scamper: add page (#12230)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/sc_warts2csv.md

# sc_warts2csv

> > Dump traceroutes collected by scamper in csv format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Dump `traceroute`'s collected by `scamper` in CSV format.
```

> More information: <https://www.caida.org/catalog/software/scamper/>.

> - Convert traceroute data in warts files to CSV and output it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Convert `traceroute` data in warts files to CSV and output it:
```
